FONT SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

We recommend that you print this Font Software License Agreement for further reference.

This is an agreement between you, the buyer and the licensee, and Murathan Biliktü. By purchasing and installing digital font software (henceforward fonts), you agree to the terms of this agreement. If you do not accept the terms, you cannot download, request or use fonts created, distributed, given, made by Murathan Biliktü and Murathan Biliktü fonts.

One (1) license is granted for you to use the font software on a certain number of devices in your organization. You are qualified to have the rights to use the fonts as specified in this agreement, but you are not receiving the copyright to the design or any other part of the fonts.

"Within your organization" means usage within your company or organization and does not include the use of customers, clients or other third parties. This license allows you to use fonts on any number of computers in your organization.


You can create archive copies of fonts for your own purposes,In addition to the amount of device for which you licensed the fonts for. You shall not distribute fonts to people outside your organization.

Yo may not change, modify the fonts in any case. You cannot assign a third party to change or modify the fonts. Only Murathan Biliktü can modify or change the fonts. We offer full customization for all our fonts, from just a few glyphs to all families. Please contact us (at hello@murathan.co) for your request and we will send you a quotation for the job.

You may not distribute, lend, rent, sell, give away, publicly or privately share any modified or unmodified version of the fonts.

 
All purchases are final. We do not offer refunds or exchanges for other font files. Please place your orders carefully.
 
Any breach of the terms and conditions of this agreement terminates your license to use the fonts. After any termination of the agreement you must destroy any copies of the fonts, including your archival copies.

Violation of the terms and conditions of this agreement terminates your license to use the fonts. After the termination fo the agreement, you must destroy all copies of the fonts, including the archive (archival) copies.
 
Any and all rights reserved Murathan Biliktü.
Contact us at " hello@murathan.co "










